####Motivation
LOB applications typically require change tracking, versioning, and authorization facilities.

In the enterprise, domain specific requirements are often solved by first picking the technology stack, and then retrofitting that technology to address those requirements.

To further cloud the path to a viable resolution for said requirements are boilerplate code generated by those enterprise technology stacks.

Ultimately, code snippet copy/paste jobs and modifying a line or two of BOL code pave the way the "application development".

####Goals
Often, projects begin with drawing up wireframes for a front-end and chery picking a persistent storage (usual suspect is some SQL database the enterprise has licenses for).

We need to start any project by focusing on writing code that __directly__ solve a business requirement.

Forget the ornaments, focus on the demands first.

```
"...form follows function"
  - Louis Sullivan
```

####Implementation
Because of an abundance of wizards and tools to connect to established databases from an IDE, it's only natural for a developer to just hook up to one and let the IDE generate data binding classes and call it a day.

Actually, it should be the opposite I believe.

One should use data modeling to address the requirements.  The more abstraction, the better.  Next, write functions that directly speak to the data model.  Finally, write tests to justify the existence of those models and whether your functions can communicate with those models as expected.

There should be no dependencies on a backend storage or UI for validating your application.

